OSDOCS-19990: Kueue Resource fair sharing (#113457)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kueue-configuring-localqueue-for-admission-fair-sharing.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * ai_workloads/kueue/admission-fair-sharing.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-localqueue-for-admission-fair-sharing_{context}"]
= Configuring a local queue for admission fair sharing (optional)

[role="_abstract"]
Optionally, you can configure `fairSharing` section in your `LocalQueue` object to adjust its weight in the fair sharing calculation. The higher the weight, the lower the penalty. For example, specifying a weight of `2` treats the queue as if it is used by half as many resources.

.Procedure

> * Specify a `weight` value as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Specify your desired `weight` value as shown in the following example:
```

Author: @MaysaMacedo We can't use the word "desired".

> +

Reviewer 2: The following requirements apply to YAML examples, per the OCP docs guidelines:

- Include the apiVersion and kind so that a user always knows the context of the YAML.
- Include the full hierarchy to a deeply nested key.

See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#required-fields

Reviewer: @StephenJamesSmith You can use the example from upstream docs https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/concepts/admission_fair_sharing/#localqueue-configuration

Author: New code block includes this.
